Update send-aws-services-logs-with-the-datadog-kinesis-firehose-desti… (#11599)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/send-aws-services-logs-with-the-datadog-kinesis-firehose-destination.md

3. Check the `Subscriptions` column in the [log groups index page][1] to confirm that the new Kinesis stream is now subscribed to your log groups.
​
If you want to push logs directly to the delivery stream without going through a Kinesis data stream, you can subscribe the CloudWatch log groups directly to the Kinesis Firehose Destination by adding the Kinesis Firehose ARN in the `destination-arn` parameter of the subscription filter, as shown in [the AWS Subscription Filters documentation][4] (step 12).

> ## Searching for AWS Kinesis logs in Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Search for AWS Kinesis logs in Datadog
```

> Once you have set up an Amazon Kinesis delivery stream, logs subscribed to your delivery stream are now available for analysis within Datadog. To populate all logs by ARN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set up an Amazon Kinesis delivery stream, you can analyze the logs subscribed to your delivery stream in Datadog. 

To populate all logs by ARN:
```

> 1. Navigate to [Logs Explorer][5] in Datadog to see all of your subscribed logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [Logs Explorer][5] in Datadog to see all of your subscribed logs.
```

Reviewer: Should this link send users to the in-app Logs Explorer or the Logs Explorer documentation?

> 2. In the search bar, type `@aws.firehose.arn:"<ARN>"`, replacing `<ARN>` with your Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose ARN, and press enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the search bar, type `@aws.firehose.arn:"<ARN>"`, replace `<ARN>` with your Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose ARN, and press **Enter**.
```
